=head1 NAME

RCSFormat::Revision - Object Oriented Interface to a Revision in RCS File

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use RCSFormat::File;
  
  $rcs = RCSFormat::File->...;
  $rev = $rcs->get_revision_by_number ('1.2');
  
  print $rev->author, "\n";
  print localtime $rev->time_as_epoch, "\n";
  print $rev->data;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The module C<RCSFormat::Revision> represents a revision encoded in an
RCS file.  In conjunction with L<RCSFormat::File>, it provides an
objected-oriented interface to RCS files.  They are built on the top
of L<RCSFormat>'s low-level encapsulation of RCS files.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $number = $rev->number

Returns the revision number of the revision.

=item $number = $rev->date_as_epoch

Returns the date of the revision, in Unix time_t format.

=item $number = $rev->date_as_rcs_formatted

Returns the date of the revision, in the format used by RCS's $Date:$
keyword substitutions.

=item $bytes = $rev->log

Returns the commig log of the revision.

=item $bytes = $rev->data

Returns the file data of the revision.  Although the data that is
included in the RCS file for this revision might only be delta from
another revision, this method always returns the complete file data of
the revision.

BUG: Keyword substitutions are always happen.  Binary data are not
supported yet.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<RCSFormat>.

L<RCSFormat::File>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <w@suika.fam.cx>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2010 Wakaba <w@suika.fam.cx>.  All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
